Gamemaker Studio Notes
========================

I wanted to say a little bit about how much this program has helped me progress and better my knowledge of programming!

Readme file wouldn't allow my epic essay length - so here it is, my brain dribbling....

I have been learning programming for about a year - since I was given A Raspberry Pi and discovered Python was not just
a reptilian animal.

It has been a rollercoaster of ups and downs as I try to make th emost of free resources and learning aids (my circumstances
prevent me from physically and financially gaining education in this area - it is my dream to gain emplyment in software
development of some-sort.

Python has been amazing but when I try to make games - even little low level ones, I was smacking my head against a concrete
post....with razors stuck to it. What I achieved in the first days of getting Gamemaker would have been the equivalent to 
weeks of brain battling as I have had to learn as I go along....and 50% of the time with NO internet to research....

Anyway,

As I focus on game development, I have found that using game engines can be a very efficient and fast way to develop games. 
especially if you are not already a programming equivalent to Yodas force abilities.

By using a game engine - (Gamemaker Studio), I have been able to really take a step back and learn about the structure and 
mechanics of building a game. I have learnt a lot by developing this way - and it has really helped me to better understand 
2D game development in a full on coding language (Python) as-well. What I have learned in Gamemaker Studio is transferable to 
ANY language, it is just a case of different syntax! 

It is surprising because I thought using a  Game engine would be a step away from learning programming in code, but although GML 
is a little easier syntax-wise, it is surprisingly similar in the way games need to be structured. Plus it's a breath of air in 
comparison to be able to build up the games basics so quickly...Within minutes - using Gamemaker you can have a game level made 
and character running around colliding with things. If you want to improve your programming, or want to learn more about programming, 
and Game Development...Gamemaker is an Awesome tool!

Also I have found tons of free resources readily available via the internet - from sprites to sound effects, there are loads of 
sources that offer no-strings-attached extras to stick in your own games!

I am happy to answer any questions and help in any way I can. If you use these games please drop me an email or message to 
let me know - just so I know it was helpful - not important though - all the work I have done is openly available software and 
resources....so you can easily do this stuff yourself if you wanted anyway!

I appreciate ANY feedback and constructive criticism - and improvements!

Enjoy

raserpps_programs@gmail.com

